Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the
3rd, and this is the Moneyball morning
report.
charts by trendpider,
gamma flows by menthq. I am going to
close this long trade trigger. But if
you do have trendpider and you do trade
um this environment, they just put out
the turtle trader setup and they scan
for it. Absolutely beautiful. So
more on that at some [clears throat]
other time. All right, here we go. My
name is Amory Band and for those of you
that watch, I appreciate you coming and
uh spending the mornings with me. Let's
start with the E- Mini S&P 500 and let's
talk a little bit about what I said
yesterday.
So,
I said, will buyers be forced to buy?
And some of us were like, what? So, the
only people that are forced to buy are
sellers who are on the wrong side of the
move. And that's because they know
they're either going to drain their
account, get a margin call, or they have
predefined risk. Wink wink, nudge nudge.
Uh, option C is always your best one.
And here's what we saw. End of the month
unwind.
Everybody really short
a pull back down into
this [snorts] uh old support zone.
Notice from the left, that's where
you're always going to find it. And
price action begins to lift. My
apologies for the sniffles. I've got
some kind of funk I'm trying to get rid
of.
>> [clears throat]
>> Okay, so that being said, it began to
rise and then notice inventory
accumulation
just before the market opened and then
breakaway. Remember how it looks?
Peak above, pull back to a higher low,
VWAP below you, Bob's your uncle
straight up. Very nice straight. I was
on Topstep TV. Uh I don't know. I think
it was like 1:00 or something. I can't
remember. I I I don't remember. I took a
short up here. Why?
Well,
old support, new resistance, trend down.
Trendpider told me that I had a supply
zone up here. So, I put on the short.
>> [snorts]
>> Now, at the very same time,
appearing on the dome, the depth of
market tells us where orders are
sitting. A pretty good sized order
appeared above us to sell.
The thought was, hey, it's going to run
into that. My thought was, okay, if it
runs into that, I'm going to turn around
and go long. Well, it never ran into it.
And we had a nice drop, beautiful trade
forming. finished offline because it
didn't really come in until 3:00 coming
into old support.
So, here we are starting the day 30
minute open. Look at how tight this
range is.
Though it's above the 30-minut open,
we have not broken below that 30-minut
open. That's a big deal. There's a
little bit of supply sitting here at 77,
but it is a fight club. It's a It's a
pretty good fight club and
it relates directly to this inventory
box right here. Oh, for the love of
Pete.
Come on, Fred. Yes, this inventory box
right here.
So, here we are. Halfway spot inventory
box holds the top of it. So, the line in
the sand this morning is going to be
right around 7,07. Now, do I think it's
going to break it? I do.
We don't have any resolution to any
price action that's occurred.
We have no news that's different to this
news. This is just a natural unwind of
traders who went very short
and had to cover. So, how do you know
this as a possibility when you're
staring down the chart? Well, [snorts]
if you see big moves
and you think to yourself, okay, what if
I was that guy or gal? That's all you
need to think. What would I need to do?
Your thought should always be, what if I
was that guy or gal and I had big size?
What would I be forced to do? And you
can tell this is why I said our buyers
going to be forced to buy. Okay. So this
is a forced unwind of the shorts. Has
anything happened to invalidate that
premise? That would be no. What would
invalidate the premise? The rise up over
the inventory event
above this zone. So you can see this is
a big fight club. I've got an alert
7,026
call wall 7,50. It's still there.
Put support the put wall. Holy smokes.
Still down here. 6600. What does this
tell you? They are hedged. They are
bullish hedged
into the individual names that are going
to report this week and bearish hedged
using the futures market. Okay,
zero DTE put wall 6850. So what do we
care about? Well, we've got this is a
big earnings week. Another big earnings
week. So until that starts unwinding,
we're going to sit in these sideways
pockets. What would I like to see? I'd
like to see a dip
back into the VWAP, frankly, before I
consider long action.
Sorry, losing my breath. So, this is a
very messy patch. Uh, I took a small
short from 7,12 or so, but it's out now
because I'm holding this floor. And so,
I'm going to wait it out. If perhapen
stance it comes down into one of these
wicks right there at the VWAP, I'm going
to be watching for a buy zone. Got an
alert set there at 6977.
Halfway step 696.
As long as we stay above 7,7.
It's a buy zone in my mind
statistically speaking.
All right, here we go. Looking at the NQ
mini NASDAQ, what do we have? Well,
doesn't look as strong as the ES. Notice
here's the ES level. It's way up here.
This one is down in the body of the
value area. Value area high right around
25,900. It is a battle zone.
It's a big battleground. inventory
accumulation here between
26,025
or so and this 25,930.
So this could easily be a Bisel. Notice
we have a floor of support that's around
25,900.
If you want to be aggressive, you think
it's going to be a bullish day, that
might be the area to stare down to say,
"Hey,
if as long as I hold 25,900,
I'm going to have bullish pressure." Put
an alert there. Make the test of it
really tight. So, it comes pretty close
to the number. You can see that where
they're trying to bounce is right at
value area high. This is a box.
The call wall is is trapped under here
at the 1day max. That's 26,000. The put
wall at 25,000.
The zero DTE put wall at 25,600.
a fair bit of supply sitting below dips
easily buys
ideally for me
underneath the VWAP and the point of
control would be where I would be
looking for price action because it
appears that there is quite a bit of
inventory accumulation
that we can see on the left from
Thursday and that has turned into
somewhat of a supply zone. So, want to
watch it break and then bounce. 25,750
is a line that I like. Uh, that gives me
the next target down. And then, you
know, if something happens and we go
freef falling, then the zero DTE put
wall at 25,600 is really what we will
look at next. Trend essentially
sideways. Notice the VWAP's flat,
meaning essentially everybody's sort of
break even. So, they're going to buy the
bottom, sell the top, and that's going
to create more inventory accumulation.
The breakout above gives us 26,150.
Now, do I think we're going there? No.
Could we go there? Absolutely.
Absolutely. Okay. But very sideways in
general, waiting on earnings this
afternoon. Okay. Let's take a look at
the RTY.
[clears throat]
Looking at the marked contract, uh,
a little weaker than the ES, a little
stronger than, uh, actually it's weaker
than the NQ, too, isn't it? We are
making
kind of these ugly lower highs.
Not not a nice line. It easily can
cross, but sideways formations for sure.
that's been an area that's been
resistance.
I would expect that it's still
resistance. So bounces up into the range
where supply sits 2667
short the floor here in the RTY
somewhere near the point of control but
that's what we'll be looking at. Okay.
All right. Let's look at micro Bitcoin.
Notice, check this out. Here they are
over here. Holding, holding, collapse,
holding, holding, collapse. Now they are
at the do or die. This is the Michael
Sailor area. The put wall is at 76,000.
The call wall is at 87,000.
This is a box that is holding a floor
currently at 77,000.
Where is the better bet
that bounces into the sell zones? In in
my mind, if I were to take this
and move it over
our trend line, if we move the trend
line over a little bit, we could see
that there's a possibility that we can
get to 80,000. The VWAP sits just above
it and we are battling at the point of
control. This looks like a train wreck
to me. That being said, there is a
tremendous amount of effort being put
into holding a floor here. If they
cannot do this, we've got ourselves a
pretty ugly pattern.
Downside
50% region, 77,000 base of the floor,
74,000,
72,000
next, and then 70,000 after that. Who
knows? Maybe liquidity will lift,
but I don't think so. That's just my
estimation. Let's take a look at oil.
So geopolitical
fade
[snorts] charts are still in
backwardation, meaning the forward
contracts are still cheaper than the
current contracts. We have a thin volume
profile right here. But in the grand
scheme, folks, energy is on the rise.
Nothing's going to go in a straight
line, but dips actively being bought.
What am I looking for? I want to see
this hold up. We're testing it right
now, 6250, but it's got to break through
and close above it before my alert goes
through. First pass, remember, first
pass needs to pull in to a higher low.
And if you take the trade off the higher
low, it needs to break prior resistance
or you're still in heavy congestion.
This is very heavy congestion.
Very heavy. I have no idea whether it'll
break through and hold. But if it does,
we've got ourselves the rise up into
where incidentally put wall is sitting
for the zero DTE. call wall up at 65,
the big put wall down at 55. Again,
people are hedging
quite a bit.
Quite a bit. Um,
lot of uncertainty. This is why I think
that the charts have the potential to
roll backwards. Let's take a look at
silver.
Silver is still very illquid. How can
you look at a chart and tell it's
illquid
when there are gaps between the
candlesticks like this?
This is not a good chart to trade. I
would ask that you stay away because
floors are never floors
when you're looking at an illquid
pricing event like this. It's very
important.
Could it break down? Yes. Could it break
out? Yes. Could you make a ton of money
in either direction? Yes. But the
unknown
creates so much risk that it's not worth
getting involved. This is my thought.
Gold looks a bit better. Holy cow.
[snorts]
Hang on.
That was a big sneeze. And I'm very glad
you did not hear it. [clears throat]
Okay. same formation as silver, but the
liquidity patterns look a lot better.
It's not that much more liquid, but it's
certainly more illquid than It's more
liquid than
silver. So, what are we doing?
Could this be a penant?
Yes,
a penant has a tendency to break in
direction of the pole. So, that would be
more downsight pressure here. Let's look
up wide angle to the daily and see
what's happening here. Gigantic move
down.
Here we are just inside of
[clears throat] Friday's candlestick.
Just inside of it. So,
are we staring down a range that could
easily be defined here? Yes.
My suspicion is that the line in a sand
is 496
or so
and that's right here
at the base of the last area of
accumulation. Notice supply is building
here. So what do you want to look for
break out of? Well, there's the call
wall. So it could easily break through
the call wall. But remember, how do
these metals break out? They break out,
pull back to a relative higher low, and
then break out again. Here's another
small version of that. They break out,
pull back to a relative higher low, next
one up to the range. So now it's in
another potential pullback. It could
break out, run some stops, and then come
all the way back. dips or buys
obviously, but the dips could be strong
and you want to really watch out for
where these sellers are to exhaust price
to the north and then rotate down.
That's still a $50 move if it happens.
But the call wall really holding this in
place, the put wall at 275, call at
5,000.
Let's go to spy.
[clears throat and cough]
spy. Um, our floor, let me remove this
alert and reset it.
The floor for the spy
in my mind still sits around 694.
There's a higher support zone showing
its head at 695.
A pullback into that area
could easily hold.
Hard to say what's the breakaway
formation above 697
698 somewhere around there. Want to
throw get a breakthrough above that
line. That's what it's looking like for
a breakout sideways formations.
Inventory accumulation essentially most
of the day yesterday. inventory
accumulation holding between 69690
which is also value area high and the
lower edge of 695. So about you know
almost $2 that you can move which could
be very lucrative. You just want to be
careful. You really want to be careful.
The next line in the sand, I suspect on
a dip down would be the 691 and some
change. Dips are buys.
They could just be deep. So, you really
you want to be careful here in this
environment. It's still a very messy
patch and they are trying to hold
themselves in these inventory
accumulations.
I was reading someone's trade uh review
that they have sent me and it said,
"Hey, you know, comes to the bottom of
the box, think it's going to break down,
runs right back into the range." This is
a very important observation. It tells
you that they're gaming the edges and
trying to push out of the range. When it
doesn't occur the first time or the
second time, realize that's the game
that's being played. So you look for the
edges and trade the mean reversion. But
it takes a couple of observations for
you to notice that. That's just one of
the things that happens. Okay. So looks
like a pretty muddy day ahead.
Traders are on both sides trying to move
up, trying to move down. There's a fair
bit of volume as I'm looking up onto the
charts. a fair bit of volume that's
building up in this area between 7,022
in the ES to 7,014. So that's the range
and you can see in the spy that's
essentially the same thing that we're
looking at here $695 to 697. All right,
take care. I'll see you on the streams.
We'll be starting uh our coaching event
in the Topstep Discord.
You haven't joined it. It's easy. It's
free. and I'll be sitting in there today
talking about anchored VWAPs and
inventory accumulation. We'll be able to
watch that together. All right. Okay,
everybody, take care. I'll see you on
the streams. I'll see you on TopStep TV
and I'll see you on the Benzinga show at
10:30. We'll be looking at some post
earnings trades. Take care, everyone.